Update downloads page (#1457)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: downloads/index.md

~~~
Most Linux users should use the glibc binaries unless you know that your system uses musl as its libc.

> ## Older releases

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason to change these? Won't this break direct links?

Author: I've also deleted some unnecessary section titles. So links are going to break. But this one has been reverted.

Older releases of Julia for all platforms are available on the [Older releases page](/downloads/oldreleases/). Only the LTS and Stable releases are maintained.

> ## Nightly Builds

Reviewer 2: This was quoted and the text expanded below because people thought they were actually built nightly

Author: I think we should explain the point in the text, since the quotes are a US-centric thing. It took me a few tries to guess what they were there for.

Author: Or perhaps we should not call them nightlies, but something like "Binaries sampled from the tip of master"?

Reviewer 2: How about
```
## Nightly Builds (not actually nightly)
```
With that I think the existing text below it is ok?

Author: I added a sentence explaining nightlies.

> Builds of the current unstable development version of Julia are available on the [nightlies page](/downloads/nightlies/). While the name suggests that they are built every night, they are not strictly nightly. At times, due to broken builds or CI infrastructure issues, nightlies may not be produced. These are intended as developer previews into the latest work and are not intended for normal use. Most users are advised to use the current stable release version of Julia.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Builds of the current unstable development version of Julia are available on the [nightlies page](/downloads/nightlies/). While the name suggests that they are built every night, they are actually built after each commit to master. However, at times due to broken builds or CI infrastructure issues, nightlies may not be produced. These are intended as developer previews into the latest work and are not intended for normal use. Most users are advised to use the current stable release version of Julia.
```

Builds of the current unstable development version of Julia are available on the [nightlies page](/downloads/nightlies/). Built after each update to master, these are intended as developer previews into the latest work and are not intended for normal use. Most users are advised to use the current release version of Julia, above.
Builds of the current unstable development version of Julia are available on the [nightlies page](/downloads/nightlies/). While the name suggests that they are built every night, they are not strictly nightly. At times, due to broken builds or CI infrastructure issues, nightlies may not be produced. These are intended as developer previews into the latest work and are not intended for normal use. Most users are advised to use the current stable release version of Julia.

## Download verification

All Julia binary releases are cryptographically secured using the traditional methods on each platform. macOS and Windows releases are codesigned with certificates that are verified by the operating system during installation. Linux and source tarballs are signed with GPG using [this key](/assets/juliareleases.asc).

## Platform specific instructions
---

> Please see [platform specific instructions](/downloads/platform/) for further installation instructions and if you have trouble installing Julia.

Reviewer 3: Why is this removed? I don't see any other links to these pages

Author: I thought this is linked in the help parts above.

      <td> PowerPC (64-bit)  </td>
      <td> <font color="crimson">Tier 3</font>  </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td> CUDA </td>
      <td> <a href="https://juliagpu.org/cuda">Nvidia CUDA (64-bit)</a> </td>
      <td> <font color="green">Tier 1</font> </a> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td> ROCM </td>
      <td> <a href="https://juliagpu.org/rocm">AMD ROCM (64-bit)</a> </td>
      <td> <font color="crimson">Tier 3</font> </a> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>       <td> OneAPI </td>

Reviewer 4: The common capitalization is `oneAPI`.
